with politicians we are with others
comments and analyzes the matches of
the funds simply the comments
of analysis below in the part of
description has to leave to see the
goals of the match where they were clashing
the visiting team was
advantage at 32 minutes and the both
draw tie to lastra your you
William arrived at 79 a game
where there were many arrivals
archer gordon and light were great
protagonists of the meeting having
between 4 and 5 saves each one so that
there are no more celtic goals for me
taste a little better had a little
more the ball and they were very good very
well generated the chances they had
his players for his teammates is not
that they had stacked individually
but that
they were mostly group plays the
first match of the match
we said that the 32nd minute of
Johansen and the equalizer was to
william that now we will be
reviewing the goals of the match where
it usually ended a space that
that it looks like it was just the equal draw for
the number of arrivals
and how they played both teams
the celtic being a big one from europe
I converted
the tie convert the first goal of the
match where played as a starter
scott brown the midfielder
containment and creation because also
is responsible for creating game
as a holder next to wakaso the former goal
villarreal and Spanish and in the
homeowner whole truth
some quite complicated mark
well-known player that really does not
I know none of those who were neither
in Luanco or as a starter what there is
to note that william income
the second part did not invest in the
first half time of departure
we said it was coming
thanks was an impeccable left foot
spectacular really a great goal
Esteban Johansen to the 32 minutes the nail
the free-throw angle partner that
hit the sweep and the bounce nor that
go hansen the nail in the angle
the will of willian in minute 79 the
they put in the ball when there was
pretty fog and finish the bow from
the left sticks in the angle
really a great goal for the end of the
tie and the party down there in the
part description of this link to see
the goals of the goal hug match
soul